all right now it's time for something i
don't know if this will be educational
but uh the president is overseas he's
visiting belgium
england scotland and then his pal putin
in finland it's a big trip
with many important ramifications it's
imperative that
america has strong relationships with
and knowledge about
people in other lands and that
responsibility extends to all of us not
just the president so we came up with a
test
the test is very simple went on the
street we asked people who were passing
by
to name a country on a map that's it
we had a map we said name a country
any country and here's how that went
can you name any country on this map
honestly my geography's so
horrible i can't eat anything like
nothing
is it south africa nope we have the
country of asia no
that's a continent oh that's russia oh
damn
i'm silly that's okay um
i mean it's been a while since i've been
in school any country on the map
africa that's a continent country german
how about a country in africa uh
i know south africa is over here
somewhere no
no it's down here yeah yeah south can
you name any country on this map
yeah africa that's a continent oh god
can you name any countries in africa god
no who knows stuff like that can you
name any country on this map
yes um
africa that's a continent oh country um
um greenland or iceland or something
that's alaska
um any country i mean not now
and on the entire map um
this is so horrible where's america
i would say this big one but i'm
probably wrong
okay can you name any country on this
map
oh my gosh shouldn't i be taught this in
school
i would hope so south america
that's a continent oh my god i'm in a
country in south america
um yeah honduras
is
here here out here here here
somewhere here can you name any country
in europe
is this one europe no there's one right
now
um can you name a single country in
africa
was this africa no again not south
america
no idea can you name a country in south
okay this is south america yes can you
name a country in it
no i can't did you go to high school yes
did you go to college
yeah that's the sad part argentina
chile bolivia
brazil peru colombia
venezuela mexico united states
canada greenland iceland
[Music]
australia new zealand um
papua new guinea
oh thank god
well if you didn't believe that children
are our future before now you do
well done everybody hi i'm jimmy kimmel
and i am not allowed to eat this cookie
until you click the subscribe button so
please click now i'm hungry